I'd like you to use your imagination for a moment, think back to when you're having
a conversation with someone that you respect and they're in a position of authority.
Now during the conversation, this person says to you, coming up to certain points and
they go, remember, I want you to remember this.
Well this is what your hope has done for us in this symposium.
When somebody says, remember, then most people stop in the refocus and concentrate even
more.
So what does your hope want us to remember with this specific part?
Well, many people that are not religious can acquire faith.
And you think about every year there's people that were atheists, agnostics that have
come into the truth.
So the lesson in this part is, do not hold back from witnessing to people that are non-religious.
You don't want to take the position as if we're the judge of this.
They wouldn't be interested there, atheists there, agnostics.
They're wrapped up with materialism.
That's not our position to take.
We want to be individuals that Jehovah will use to try to help these non-religious individuals.
Now notice what Paul writes here in Romans chapter 10, and you'll find out how some have
changed their mind after he had exposure to the truth and Jehovah's teaching.
And the only way that they could acquire faith is when this is done.
Now notice carefully in Pay Attention Romans chapter 10, 13 through 15.
For everyone who calls on the name of Jehovah will be saved.
However, how will they call on him if they've not put faith in him?
How in turn will they put faith in him about whom they have not heard?
How in turn will they hear without someone to preach?
How in turn will they preach unless they have been sent out?
Just as it is written, how beautiful are the feet of those who declare good news of good
things?
Isn't that beautiful?
See this is how an individual acquires faith by answering these questions.
Very penetrating questions that all of us want to remember when it comes to witnessing
to people that are non-religious.
They need someone to share the good news with them, but to do it in such a way that touches
their heart.
And keep that in mind.
It isn't always just what we say, it's how we say it that matters.
Somebody has to share the good news with them if they're going to acquire faith.
So the question arises here, how can we share Bible truths in a way that non-religious
people are more likely to accept?
Good question.
So helping non-religious people acquire faith, there's an important point that the Apostle
Paul shared with us in his first letter to the Corinthians.
So find 1 Corinthians chapter 9, if you would please, 1 Corinthians chapter 9.
Now notice the 22nd verse, to the weak, I became weak.
In order to gain the weak, I have become all things to people of all sorts so that I might
think by all possible means save some.
That beautiful.
What a beautiful example the Apostle Paul was with adapting to his audience.
He'd speak one way to the Jews, referencing the Hebrew scriptures, and then different
to the Greeks that didn't know about Jehovah God.
So the message is to speak to them about topics that might interest them.
And we had to share this issue with you.
The July 2019 watchtower, pages 22 through 23, and these are some points that you can keep
in mind when it comes to witnessing to non-religious people.
Very, very good advice.
Notice the point here, when it comes to nature, a lot of people, they might even be atheists
or agnostics, but they love nature.
So using that as a basis to have a conversation is the course of wisdom.
You might say something like, you probably know that many inventions come about when scientists
copied things that already existed in nature.
For instance, microphone designers study ears, and camera designers study eyes.
What comes to your mind when you think of nature?
Do you think that it is a marvelous force, a person, or something else?
Now listen attentively when you ask questions like that.
And then add maybe, when engineers learn from the design of ears and eyes, we might wonder
whom they are learning from.
I was intrigued by something an ancient poet said.
This is wise because the poet is the Psalmist.
See from Psalm 94, 910, but you could say ancient poet, that's appropriate.
And here's the quote, the one who made the ear.
Can he not hear?
The one who formed the eye.
Can he not see?
He is the one who imparts knowledge to people.
That beautiful.
Good questions to ask and discuss with non-religious people.
And then we have the marvelous website, JW.org.
We've got the viewpoints on the origin of life.
Number of videos that can help them.
Now at the same time, we want to have compassion, empathy, try to reach their heart.
And there were some key points just to pass them on to you.
So you want to keep in mind talking, giving a witness to non-religious people.
Be positive.
See keep in mind, every year there's non-religious people that have become Jehovah's Witnesses.
This is important.
Be kind and tactful.
Because people will listen not just because of what we say, but how we say it.
See if you're going to reach your heart, speak from the heart.
So be kind and tactful and imitate Jesus in the way He witnessed.
Such compassion and love was always evident.
And then this point, be understanding and listen.
See that's so crucial to remember to listen.
And since your witness is doing it, we talk too much.
We ask a question and they have two seconds to answer the next thing we're talking already.
But you have to listen.
People are not being listened to today.
Don't let that be us.
Be understanding and listen to them.
Let them express themselves.
You show you have empathy and love for them.
So keep these thoughts in mind and Jehovah bless your efforts.
In fact, in the following video, notice what has attracted non-religious people to the truth.
My family were non-practicing Catholics.
So I was never taught to believe in God.
I trusted my teachers more than anyone else.
So I accepted and loved the theory of evolution.
When I was 19, a childhood friend who had become one of Jehovah's Witnesses started to call
on me.
I liked talking to him, but when he spoke to me about God, I told him, please stop talking
about God because I don't believe in Him.
He never gave up on me.
He asked, why won't you just for a moment entertain a conversation about God?
This question made me think.
I had rejected his arguments without even listening to them.
I didn't want to give the impression of being arrogant or stubborn.
So I thought, why not let him speak?
He used a book, Life.
How did it get here by evolution or by creation?
It was as if a veil had been lifted from my eyes.
That was the moment Jehovah introduced himself to me.
Finally, I understood that my life has a purpose.
I regret that I didn't know Jehovah for the first 20 years of my life.
My relationship with Jehovah is without doubt the most precious thing I have.
I am determined to witness about Jehovah to everyone I meet, especially to those without
faith, so that they too can appreciate the wonderful qualities of our Creator.
Yes, non-religious people are accepting the truth.
They can acquire faith, and those beautiful experiences prove that point.
So again, we say, remember, faithless people can acquire faith.
You think back to the Ninevites, Jesus' fleshly brothers, and Pramina Jews, they all made
great changes.
And today, as in the past, here's what's happening as mentioned here in 1st Timothy, chapter
2, where it mentions in the 4th verse about Jehovah's will, whose will is that all sorts
of people should be saved and come to an accurate knowledge of truth.
That's Jehovah's will.
We've dedicated our life to him to do Jehovah's will.
So all sorts of people are acquiring faith in Jehovah year after year.
So we encourage you to give a bold, but tactful witness to your unbelieving relatives, as
well as to Prominent ones and to non-religious people.
Now, as we continue to preach to all, Jehovah will make it grow.
Jehovah will bless our efforts.
Remember, Jehovah can stir the hearts of any person and cause them to acquire faith.